- DONE Follow up w/ #gpsi-jake on the devices needed for [[Proj: Kore KATTCC Network Update]]
  SCHEDULED: <2024-08-28 Wed 11:00>
- #MEETING #gpsi-bill [[1:1]]
	- I am going to create a new Project Template for #jira #ASK #DEV and #HE [[Proj: Product and Technology Jira Project Template]]
		- Discovery on what happens when existing tickets move to a new template
		- Discovery on if changing the template effects agile style and cycles
		- Start with just #ASK #DEV #HE then look to update all the boards found here: https://gpsinsight.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PM/pages/19300220945/Product+Jira+Boards+-+Engineering+Product
- Ask #cts-jeff about Q4 PTO
  SCHEDULED: <2024-08-28 Wed 12:00>
- TODO GO over PTO Balances for my team
- TODO Discuss w/ #gpsi-shawn Q4 PTO in our [[1:1]]
- TODO  Discuss w/ #gpsi-lee Q4 PTO [[1:1]]
- TODO Discuss w/ #cts-mike [[1:1]]
- TODO Discuss w/ the greater #HE team about the Monday morning casual #MEETING idea
- #MEETING #calamp [[he-critical]] #GPSI [[Vendor Critical]]
	- High Diag: This to be in a new #firmware . Confirm w/ Calamp
		- Where #calamp is with this?
		- What is the #rootcause?
		- When will it be released?
			- They have discovered 2 possible scenarios and trying to identify which one it is
	- No speed or random loosing speed
		- #gpsi-chad sent logs this morning,
		- what is #calamp update
			-
	- #calamp #3200 #firmware 3.20.6 -> 3.20.7
		- 3.20.6 had some issues and we are hoping the 3.20.7 will fix
	- #gpsi-ray wants me t follow up on
		- https://calampcorp.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/61/CTCS-50403
		- https://calampcorp.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/61/CTCS-50401